added projectinfo.md with documentation on project (#13)
SkywardAI/skywardai.io: docs/projectinfo.md

Here’s how it does that:

<u>*Insert Your Data:*</u>

RAG allows you to incorporate your own data into the system, ensuring that the LLM has access to the most relevant and specific information needed for your application.

<u>*Fast Vector Database Response:*</u>

RAG uses a vector database to quickly retrieve the most relevant data points, improving response times and accuracy.

<u>*Feeding the Top Search Results to LLM:*</u>

Instead of processing whole documents, RAG feeds the top search results directly to the LLM, making the information retrieval process more efficient and focused

## Technologies Used

### Nuxt

[Nuxt Website](https://nuxt.com/)

Nuxt is a flexible VueJS framework that uses reusable components to dynamically load full-stack web apps.

### GODEL model 

[GODEL GitHub](https://github.com/microsoft/GODEL)

GODEL is a large-scale pre-trained model for goal-directed dialogs. It is trained on at least 551M multi-turn dialogs which makes it more than enough for our current project goals.

#### Why we chose GODEL:

#### Efficient on Consumer Hardware

> GODEL v1.1 base seq2seq is optimised for running efficiently on consumer-grade hardware, making it an ideal choice for RAG chat-bots deployed on devices with limited computational resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GODEL is a large-scale pre-trained model for goal-directed dialogs. It is trained on 551M multi-turn dialogs from Reddit. It is an ideal choice for RAG chat-bots deployed on devices with limited computational resources.
```

#### Dialogue Adaptability

GODEL leverages a new phase of grounded pre-training to enable better adaptation (compared to earlier models, e.g DialoGPT) to a wider range of dialog tasks which require external information.

#### Balanced Performance and Relevance

Despite its efficiency on consumer hardware and lack of GPU acceleration, GODEL v1.1 base seq2seq maintains a high level of performance and relevance in generating contextually rich responses, especially when considering its size (2.95GB).

> ### FastAPI and PostgreSQL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### FastAPI and HuggingFace
```

[Fast API Website](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/)
[PostgreSQL Website](https://www.postgresql.org/)

> We use FastAPI and PostgreSQL to interact with the GODEL seq2seq model (v1.1 base) without GPU acceleration, keeping the model in line with consumer hardware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use FastAPI and HuggingFace Python libs to interact with the GODEL seq2seq model (v1.1 base) without GPU acceleration, keeping the model in line with consumer hardware.
```
